50 million
God
A young lady actually volunteered to shout 50 million for him
Damn this trash, what can he do?
60 million 70 million
80 million
One hundred million
One hundred million.
One hundred million times
One hundred and three times
Congratulations to this Miss Ye for getting this single item.
Bronze Girl
Miss Ye
Thank you for helping me take a picture of Qingcheng Continent today.
I will pay you back the money.
No need, just take it as a gift from me to you.
How can this work?
This wedding is too expensive
It's so clear between the two of us
We have nothing but the patient-doctor relationship.
Is there any other relationship?
Since you want to pay back the money
Then pay it back